# 2024_WA_INF2_Zich_js
## BY: mkz999
⣀⣀⣀⣀⣠⣤⣤⣤⠶⠶⠶⢦⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⣀⣤⠤⠤⠤⢤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⣟⠛⠿⢭⣛⣉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠙⢿⡁⠀⠀⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⣦⠤⠖⠒⠚⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⢓⣶⠶⠖⠚⠉⢙⣁⣭⠭⠿⠛⠛⠛⠻⢶⣤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⢽⣄⢀⣠⡴⠛⠉⠉⠉⠉⠻⡗⠚⢻⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⡴⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⠴⠚⠉⠀⠤⢤⡶⠊⠉⠀⠹⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠉⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⣴⣾⣥⣶⡾⣷⣀⣀⣠⣴⣿⠥⠤⣄⣀⣀⣀⡤⠖⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣹⣿⣶⣶⣤⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠟⠻⠯⠥⣄⣄⣿⠓⠛⡛⢉⣭⣤⣤⣤⠤⠴⠚⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠙⠛⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⣿⡁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣉⣧⣀⢉⡽⠛⠛⢳⣦⡄⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⡿⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢉⣹⡿⢻⣿⠿⣿⣇⡉⣑⣦⣀⣀⣀⡤⠤⠤⣤⣤⡶⠶⠶⠶⠷⠶⢾⣉⠉⠉⠉⠙⡏⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠈⢹⢻⣿⠇⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿
⠀⠀⠀⢠⡿⠀⠀⠉⠉⠙⠒⣶⡟⢉⣿⡿⠁⠀⢸⣿⠋⠉⣿⠀⠀⠀⢀⡤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠲⡄⠀⠸⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡟⠀⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻
⠀⠀⠀⢸⡷⣦⣀⡀⠀⠀⠘⢿⣧⠞⢫⣷⣄⣠⠏⣸⠀⠀⡏⠀⢀⡴⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣶⣶⣶⡦⣄⡀⠀⠈⢦⠀⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⡿⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣾⣿⣴
⠀⠀⠀⢸⣷⡇⠀⠉⠑⣶⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠀⠐⡇⠀⢸⡇⣠⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⡟⢀⣽⣧⡹⣟⣷⡀⠀⠈⣧⠸⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⣼⣿⠃⠀⢀⡇⠻⣿⣿⠟⠛
⠀⠀⠀⢸⡿⢷⣄⡀⢀⡇⠀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⠇⠀⠈⢻⡟⠲⢶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢷⢸⣹⣷⠀⠀⠘⣆⣧⣠⢤⣶⣾⣿⣿⣷⣿⣿⠤⠴⠚⠉⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣦⣍⡛⠻⠃⡜⠉⠉⠀⠈⠉⢹⡆⢸⠀⠀⠀⠈⢧⡀⠀⠀⢀⡝⢉⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣅⡀⣸⢻⢿⣿⠀⠀⠀⢹⡿⢷⣾⡿⠿⠛⠋⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠻⣿⣿⢿⣿⣷⣶⣧⣄⣀⣀⠀⠀⢸⡇⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠑⠲⡞⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⣿⣿⠇⣼⡾⣹⠀⠀⣀⠼⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠻⢶⣭⣛⣻⣿⣷⡾⢿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣿⡦⠤⣤⣤⣀⣀⣠⣼⡇⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⠀⡨⢏⣼⣿⣧⣧⠴⠊⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠻⢯⣉⠙⣷⣼⣿⣇⣳⣿⠈⢧⠀⠸⣄⡰⠋⠀⠀⣧⣄⡀⠀⠈⠻⠽⢯⣿⣿⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠙⠛⠛⠿⠿⠿⢧⣬⣷⣶⣞⣁⣤⣤⣤⡵⠀⠉⠙⠒⠒⠛⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀

# Liberty Walk Pexeso Game

**Note:** If the game appears too large, zoom out using `Ctrl` + Scroll Wheel.

## Rules of the Game

The objective of **Liberty Walk Pexeso** is to match pairs of identical cards by flipping them over. Each card has a hidden image, and you must remember the positions of the cards you've already revealed in order to find the matching pairs.

- The game is played on a race track (grid of cards), and the goal is to uncover all the pairs.
- The game ends when all pairs are matched.
- Racer (player) with more overtakes (points) wins.

## How to Control the Game

Here’s how you can interact with the game:

- **Click on a card** to flip it over and reveal its hidden image.
- **Restart the game** by clicking on the “Back to starting line” button to reset the board and start over.
- **Change the grid size** by choosing options from dropdown menu. (Changing size will restart game)

## How to Change Picture Sets

To change the picture sets, place different pictures in the `images` folder. The number of pictures required varies depending on the game grid size:

- **8 pictures** for a 4x4 grid
- **18 pictures** for a 6x6 grid
- **32 pictures** for an 8x8 grid

Make sure that images are ready to be used:

- **1:1 format** for optimal viewing
- **img1.jpg** images need to be numbered and named (or renamed in the code).

### Customizing Background and Logo

- To replace the **background image**, name your image `background.jpg` or rename it in the code.
- To replace the **card logo**, name your image `logo.png` or rename it in the code.

---

Enjoy playing Liberty Walk Pexeso!

README.md generated by AI
